Fixed incorrect formatting for inline pluralized code references. (#19250)
django/django: docs/ref/models/querysets.txt

.. admonition:: You can't share pickles between versions

>     Pickles of ``QuerySet``\s are only valid for the version of Django that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Pickles of ``QuerySet`` objects are only valid for the version of Django that
```

populated in a single query.

That is, all the relevant toppings will have been fetched in a single query,

> and used to make ``QuerySet``\s that have a pre-filled cache of the relevant
> results; these ``QuerySet``\s are then used in the ``self.toppings.all()``
> calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and used to make ``QuerySet`` instances that have a pre-filled cache of the relevant
results; these are then used in the ``self.toppings.all()`` calls.
```

Note that the result cache of the primary ``QuerySet`` and all specified related
objects will then be fully loaded into memory. This changes the typical

> behavior of ``QuerySet``\s, which normally try to avoid loading all objects into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behavior of a ``QuerySet``, which normally tries to avoid loading all objects into
```

memory before they are needed, even after a query has been executed in the
database.

.. note::

>     Remember that, as always with ``QuerySet``\s, any subsequent chained methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remember that, as with all ``QuerySet`` objects, any subsequent chained methods
```
